add Atom package to Editors Readme (#342)
apple/sourcekit-lsp: Editors/README.md

* `sourcekit-lsp.toolchainPath`: (optional) The path of the swift toolchain (sets `SOURCEKIT_TOOLCHAIN_PATH`). By default, sourcekit-lsp uses the toolchain it is installed in.
* `sourcekit-lsp.tracing.server`: Traces the communication between VS Code and the SourceKit-LSP language server

## Atom

> Download the ide-sourcekit package for Atom from [this download link](https://atom.io/packages/ide-sourcekit). The installation instructions are given the same link.

Reviewer: Just a slight wording suggestion.

```suggestion
Download the `ide-sourcekit` package for Atom from [a corresponding package page](https://atom.io/packages/ide-sourcekit). It also contains installation instructions to get you started.
```

> Download the `ide-sourcekit` package for Atom from [a corresponding package page](https://atom.io/packages/ide-sourcekit). It also contains installation instructions to get you started.

Reviewer 2: Gramatically it should be "**the** corresponding package page". Otherwise LGTM

Author: I wanted to change it. But Github's suggestion mechanism did not allow me.

Reviewer: My bad, thanks for the correction 🙏
